what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ?
selection committee was a achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the committee to first .
and I will be surprised that the committee is really know what rise independent senators .
i am not so that the time for concern .
the selection committee can show some impact .
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator .
it is important to a committee , as in principle to determine what some senators , these new Senate committee sit .
i am therefore to realize that one of the was introduced in the sitting of the Senate committee yesterday ' s new indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
i will name , one honourable senators .
you can see that it cannot , so I am nice ?
the Senate will have to find that had been because their own research .
when one , it must accept the do a job .
the women who sit on the Senate have proven .
they have the majority of the Senate that much more men in their remplissaient .
i remember that the committee held to the of veterans in February of the hold 1998 .
the House of Commons to the point that the Senate is here or Ni .
all of the committee , to proceedings of women saw Liberals three senators .
the leadership of the Senate to the committee could not find a man .
i could cite the question I asked the word , said , to say to hon. senator Carstairs .
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? "
it was that it was the first report of women in the address in a representation .
in 1993 that they were on the parliamentary associations drafted .
at the time of men were only formées . The delegations
on this issue , I have been replaced by for a number of years in the Senate Finestone .
however , I want the opportunity to look back my association preferred .
i do not know , when the decision about how these two reports will be no Senate honourable House .
the Senate is that each on television verdict .
by a group of students , or any of or wondered journalists .
if we do that ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , in fact it should be translated .
i do not believe in the alternative .
in a position to a committee , he should it or any meetings if a senator accept part intended .
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors :
today , and to the committee , there is a question in committee to study after two years , " you Présentez . " final
they do not even know what they are out to them , they stand when they stand . directors considers
they do not know what happened no .
the words " " and " is the way in our Senate and dedication . " speech continuité honourable
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators .
if we do not do that , I would be interested in the world affairs of my own parliamentary committee créerai .
no one can undermine there .
the Speaker his Honour :
is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , wishes to speak , if you do any other hon. Senator Senate and honourable ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
