what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ?
selection committee was a achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee .
i will not be surprised that the committee and what he knew too rise independent senators .
i am not so that the time for concern .
the selection committee can show some impact .
over the next two years in the work that a senator undertaking .
it is an important , because , in principle to determine what some senators . , these new Senate committee sit committee
i am therefore to note that one of the was introduced in the sitting of the Senate committee yesterday ' s new indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
i will name , one honourable senators .
you can see that it cannot , so I am nice ?
they will have to find that had been because their own research senators .
when one , it should do the job accepts an .
the women who sit on the Senate have proven .
they have the majority of the Senate that much more men in their remplissaient .
i remember as to the veterans of the committee that held in February the hold 1998 .
the House of Commons at that stage . or the Senate is here Ni
they all of the committee , for women in the proceedings after three senators .
the leadership of the Senate to the committee could not find a man .
i could cite the question I asked to answer the senator Carstairs took hon. , words , words .
i asked him : " were the criteria are as follows " Quels ?
the minister said that it was the first report of women to address in a representation .
it was that of the parliamentary associations in 1993 . wrote
at the time of men were only . The delegations formées
in this regard , I was on the senator for a number of years replaced by Finestone .
however , I want the opportunity to look back my association preferred .
i do not know how to the House will be , or when these two reports decision honourable senators .
that is the Senate on television whenever verdict .
by a group of students , or any of or wondered . journalists
if we do that ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , in fact it should be lower .
i do not believe in the alternative .
in a position to a committee , he should or any meetings . if a senator accept it part provided
we are not the members in the words which the corridors :
today , and there will be on the committee to study after two years in committee . " final question how much Présentez "
they do not even know what they are the same , but when they stand to them . stand their leaders considers
they do not know what happened no .
the words " and " is the way in our . " and " honourable senators continuité dedication speech
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators .
if we do not do this , who are concerned about the parliamentary committee on my own world affairs . I créerai
we are no one can undermine .
the Speaker : the Honour
if he wishes to speak to adopt the motion , you please - , any other hon. Senator are Senate and honourable ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
