what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ?
in a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee .
and I will be surprised that the committee is really know what rise independent Senate .
i am not so that concern for the time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
over the next two years in the work that a senator undertaking .
it is important to a committee , supposedly , as to what they actually some new Senate committee sit senators .
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee of the sitting of the new was introduced to attend yesterday .
it was sent a replacement .
i will name , one honourable Senate .
you can see that it cannot , so I am nice ?
that was in the Senate will have their own research in finding fault .
when one , it should do the job accepts an .
the women who sit on the Senate have proven .
they have the majority of the men in the Senate that much more their remplissaient .
i remember that the committee held to the of veterans in February the to hold 1998 .
the House of Commons to the point that this is the Senate or Ni here .
all of the committee , to proceedings of women saw Liberals three senators .
the leadership of the Senate is to find a man was the committee .
i could cite the question I asked to answer the word , senator Carstairs took hon. , word .
i asked him : " were the criteria are as follows " Quels ?
the minister said that it was the first report of the address in a representative of women .
it was on the parliamentary associations in 1993 that perspective .
at the time of men were only . The delegations formées
this is in this regard , I was for a number of years replaced by the Senate Finestone .
however , I want the opportunity to look back my association preferred .
i do not know how about these two reports will be , when the House or honourable senators decision .
the Senate is that each on television verdict .
by a group of students , or any of or wondered journalists .
if we do that ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , in fact it should be lower .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if a in a committee , he should participate in a position or any meetings intended . it accept Senate
we are not the members in the words which the corridors :
there is a today and in committee , after two years of education , . " in committee , " you vote final Présentez
they do not even know what they are out to them . , but when they stand considers their leaders stand
they do not know what happened no .
the words " and " is the way in our . " senators , " honourable continuité dedication speech
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators .
if we do not do this , who are concerned about the international committee of my own business . I créerai parliamentarians
no one can undermine there .
the Speaker : the Honour
is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , wishes to speak , if you do any other hon. Senator Senate and honourable ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motion agreed to , the report agreed to )
