what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee .
i am surprised that the committee will be and what they knew too rise independent senators .
i am not so that concern for the time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator .
it is a committee , because , in principle to determine what some important , this new Senate committee sit senators .
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the nine to attend .
it was sent a replacement .
it is one name , honourable senators .
you will see that it cannot , I am nice ?
the Senate will have to find that had been because their own research .
when one , it must accept the do a job .
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven .
they have much more that the majority of the men in the Senate remplissaient them .
i remember that the committee held to the of veterans in February of meetings 1998 .
the House of Commons to that point here is the Senate or Ni .
in the proceedings of the committee , all of the three senators saw Liberals women .
the leadership of the Senate is to find a man was the committee .
i could cite the question I asked , to answer the senator Carstairs took hon. words , words .
i asked him : " were the criteria are as follows Quels ? "
she said that it was the first report of women in the address in a representation .
it was on the parliamentary associations in 1993 that perspective .
at the time of men were only formées . The delegations
in this regard , I have been replaced by on the senator for a number of years Finestone .
however , I will look back the opportunity to my association preferred .
i do not know how about these two when the House will be no Senate and honourable decision reports .
the Senate is that each on television verdict .
by a group of students , or any of or wondered journalists .
that if we do ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , in fact it should be translated .
i do not believe in the alternative .
in any part of a committee , he or she should accept this position if a senator provided meetings .
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors :
today , and there is a question to the committee to study after two years in committee final '' . " you Présentez -
they do not even know what they are out to them , but when they stand considers their leaders stand .
they do not know what happened no .
the words " and " and " is the way in our dedication . " speech continuité honourable Senate
over the next two weeks , the way we will look at the beginning to address independent senators .
if we do not work , who are concerned about the business of the parliamentary committee on my own créerai international .
no one can we try to .
the Honour the Speaker :
if you will rise to adopt the motion , is it the pleasure , like any other hon. Senator Senate and honourable ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
