what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee .
i am surprised that the committee will be and what they knew too rise senators independent .
i am not so that the time for concern .
the selection committee can show some impact .
the work that over the next two years in a senator undertaking .
it is a committee , because , in principle to determine what some senators . , these important new Senate committee sit
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the nine to attend .
it was sent a replacement .
i do not name , one honourable senators .
you can see that it cannot , so I am nice ?
they will have to find that had been because their own research senators .
when one , it must accept the do a job .
the women who sit on the Senate have proven .
they have the majority of the Senate that much more men in their remplissaient .
i remember as to the veterans of the committee that held in February the hold 1998 .
the House of Commons at that stage . or the Senate is here Ni
in the proceedings of the committee , all of the three senators saw Liberals women .
the leadership of the Senate to the committee could not find a man .
i could cite the question I asked , to answer the senator Carstairs took hon. words , words .
i asked him : " were the criteria are as follows " Quels ?
the minister said that it was the first report of the address in a representative of women .
in 1993 that they were on the parliamentary associations drafted .
at the time of men were only formées . The delegations
in this regard , I was on a number of years in the Senate Finestone replaced .
however , I want the opportunity to look back my association preferred .
i do not know how about these two when the House will be no Senate and honourable decision reports .
the Senate is that each on television verdict .
by a group of students , or any of or wondered journalists .
that if we do ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , in fact it should be translated .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if it in a position to all the committee , he should participate or a senator accepts an existing meetings .
we are not the members in the words which the corridors :
today , and there is a question to the committee to study after two years in committee '' , " you Présentez final .
they do not even know what they are out to them , but when they stand considers their leaders stand .
they do not know what happened no .
the words " and " is the way in our . " and " speech dedication continuité honourable Senate
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators .
if we do not do this , who are concerned about the parliamentary committee on my own world affairs . I créerai
no one can we try to .
the Honour the Speaker :
if he wishes to speak , to adopt the motion , the Senate and any other hon. Senator are you please honourable ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
