what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee .
i am surprised that the committee that we do not know what the Senate to rise and too independent .
i am not so that concern for the time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
over the next two years on the work that undertaking a senator .
it is important , because of a committee , supposedly , to determine what these new Senate committee sit some senators .
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the nine to attend .
it was sent a replacement .
i do not name , one honourable senators .
you will see that it cannot , I am nice ?
the Senate will have to find that had been because their own research .
when one , it must accept the do a job .
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven .
they have much more that the majority of the men in the Senate remplissaient them .
i remember that the committee held to the of veterans in February the to hold 1998 .
this is the House of Commons then sitting in the Senate or Ni .
in the proceedings of the committee , all of the three senators saw Liberals women .
the leadership of the Senate committee to it could not find a man .
i could cite answer the question I asked the senator Carstairs took note , to say , hon. .
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? "
she said that it was the first to address the report of women in a representation .
it was on the parliamentary associations in 1993 that perspective .
at the time of men were only formées . The delegations
in this regard , I have been replaced by the Senate on Finestone for a number of years .
however , I will look back the opportunity to my association preferred .
i do not know how , when the decision about these two reports will be no Senate honourable House .
the Senate is that each on television verdict .
by a group of students , or any of or wondered journalists .
that if we do ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , in fact it should be translated .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if it in a position to all the committee , he should participate or a senator accepts an existing meetings .
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors :
today , and in committee , there is a committee to study after two years in the final question " you Présentez '' .
they do not even know what they are out to them , but when they stand considers their leaders stand .
they do not know what happened no .
the words " '' , " and " is the way in our dedication . speech continuité honourable Senate
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators .
if we do not work , who are concerned about the business of the parliamentary committee on my own créerai international .
no one can undermine there .
the Honour the Speaker :
is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , not speak , if you want any other hon. Senator Senate and honourable ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
