what has happened here , last Tuesday , senators ? honourable
a selection committee has been constituted .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee .
it does not know what to do with the members of the Senate , that they will get , I rise to the committee that I am surprised that the arm ' s length too .
i am not so much to the concerns that time .
some members of the Standing Committee on the impact . can make a selection
over the next two years in the course of the work that a senator . undertaking
there are some important as this one , it is all about , because of a committee gime will be sitting in principle to what extent , these new Senate committee senators . actually
therefore I would like to see that one of the Senate in the conduct of the committee was introduced in the sitting of the new yesterday ' s am indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
i do not name , one honourable senators .
i am not so that you can see , did he ? kind
the members of the Senate in order to find that had been will have to do without their own research .
it has to do the job , when an individual accepts an .
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven .
the majority of people in the best in the Senate that they will have many men . remplissaient
i remember that were made to the committee of the of Canada ' s veterans in 1998 . I invite the February held
the floor of the House of Commons do not the end of that time or sitting in the Senate Ni .
the committee , I want to say that all of the Liberal Party has sat in the proceedings of three senators women .
the leadership of the Senate is a man who have been able to find the committee .
i want to say to her that the word was said , it would be possible to build the question that in order to your attention , it has responded to have asked him senator Carstairs word .
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " ? " Quels
it was the first report of the question to deal with the cross - section of the said that it is in a women .
in 1993 that what it did was written on the parliamentary associations .
at the time of men were only . The delegations formées
i would like to point out that for a number of years in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator Finestone .
however , let me say that I will look forward to re - enter the preferred . my association
i do not know how to the floor of the House will be the subject of , or when that both of these reports honourable . decision Senate
every time and time again when the members of the Senate is to say on TV verdict .
by way of a of students , or any other group of up to journalists or . wondered
if we do that ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , it should be in the bring facts .
i do not believe in the alternative .
as a member of a committee , he should participate in every part of our or is she set forth a high paying job when a senator . attend conferences accept
we are not in the words of the members of Parliament which : the corridors
we are going to be here in the House , and , at the end of the committee , as well as others . " you vote two years of age education in committee final " Présentez
they do not know what they were not stand in their places to them , but when it came to power they stand in their places on their own . considers
they do not know what happened not at all .
we are in the words " speech as well . " and " '' , come to the Senate and dedication continuité honourable way
i can report to the House that over the next two weeks , the way in which we are going to look at arm ' s length of the members of the Senate to deal with the situation . start
if we do not do that , if they are interested in the face of Canadian business in my own committee that it is my parliamentary international opportunities . créerai
we try to no one can .
the Honour the Speaker :
is it the pleasure of the terms of the motion , if you , to have the floor , it is like any other hon. Senator honourable ? Senate
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
