what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ?
selection committee was a achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee .
i am surprised that the committee that we do not know what the Senate to rise and too independent .
i am not so that the time for concern .
the selection committee can show some impact .
over the next two years on the work that undertaking a senator .
it is important to a committee , as in principle to determine what some senators , these new Senate committee sit .
i am therefore to note that one of the Senate committee was introduced in the last sitting of the nine to attend .
it was sent a replacement .
name , I will certainly honourable senators .
you can see that it cannot , so I am nice ?
the Senate will have to find that had been because their own research .
when one , it must accept the do a job .
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven .
they have much more that the majority of the men in the Senate remplissaient them .
i remember that the committee held to the of veterans in February of the hold 1998 .
the House of Commons to the point is that the Senate or Ni here .
all of the proceedings of the committee , the Liberals have sat in three senators women .
the leadership of the Senate is to find a man was the committee .
to answer the question I asked the word , what I could cite , hon. senator Carstairs took word .
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? "
she said that it was the first to address the report of women in a representation .
in 1993 that they were on the parliamentary associations drafted .
at the time of men were only formées . The delegations
on this issue , I have been replaced by Senator for a number of years in Finestone .
however , I will look back the opportunity to my association preferred .
i do not know , when the decision about how these two reports will be no Senate honourable House .
the Senate is that each on television verdict .
by a group of students , or any of or wondered journalists .
that if we do ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , in fact it should be translated .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if it in a position to all the committee , he should participate or a senator accepts an existing meetings .
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors :
today , and in committee , there is a two years of education and in committee . " final question how much Présentez "
they do not know what they are out to them , but when one considers stand their leaders stand .
they do not know what happened no .
the words " and " and " is the way in our dedication . " speech continuité honourable Senate
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators .
if we do not do that , I would be interested in the world affairs of my own parliamentary committee créerai .
no one can undermine there .
the Honour the Speaker :
if you please rise to adopt the motion , is it , do , like any other hon. Senator honourable Senate ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
